README.md, before:

# Smart Card redirection POC (Windows 10)

The Visual Studio 2017 solution is based on the following projects:
- https://github.com/adamrehn/websocket-server-demo
- https://github.com/SC-Develop/SCD_SMCAuthServer

The solution implements WebSocket server on Windows 10 and communicates to Ubuntu 18.04 WebSocket server through the JavaScript

## Testing it

 - The Ubuntu server is accessed with 'sc_server.com' domain name. Add entry for it to C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts file
 - Run the server-demo.html from the JavaScript folder
 - Run the WebSocket-server-demo project in Visual Studio debugger
 - Run the Ubuntu server
 - Refresh server-demo.html (press F5 in Chrome)
 - Communicate to both servers from within the server-demo.html issuing commands with the buttons

## Cryptography

All crypto operations are supported with a locally stored private key and the certificate. The corresponding PKCS12 and PEM files are mysite.local.pfx & mysite.local.cer. This leverages "Microsoft Base Cryptographic Provider" which in turn is utilized by regular smart cards for Windows authentication.
See https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/seccertenroll/cryptoapi-cryptographic-service-providers

## Smart Cards

The following is supported:
- identifying if a Smart Card is attached to the computer
- obtaining and showing certificates stored on a Smart Card

Ideally, the project would utilize the smart-cards for crypto operations as well. However, the only smart card available during the development was the developer's national ID. That particular smart card was supported by a custom Crypto Service Provider whose documentation was not accessible.

Commit message:

USB/IP server on Win10 machine setup instruction

README.md, after:

# Smart Card redirection POC (Windows 10)

## Prerequisites

For Windows side USB/IP server, version 0.1.0 of USBIP-Win project has been tested 
The binaries can be found at:

https://github.com/cezanne/usbip-win/releases/tag/v0.1.0

1. Download and place the files into `C:\usbip` folder of the PC in your setup
2. Install test certificate
    - Install `C:\usbip\usbip_test.pfx` (password: usbip) 
    - Certificate should be installed into
    a. "Trusted Root Certification Authority" in "Local Computer" (not current user) and
    b. "Trusted Publishers" in "Local Computer" (not current user)
    Instruction for certificate installation at https://support.securly.com/hc/en-us/articles/360026808753-How-to-manually-install-the-Securly-SSL-certificate-on-Windows 
3. Switch the PC into test mode:
    - `> bcdedit.exe /set TESTSIGNING ON`
    - reboot the system to apply

## Introduction

The Visual Studio 2017 solution is based on the following projects:
- https://github.com/adamrehn/websocket-server-demo
- https://github.com/SC-Develop/SCD_SMCAuthServer
- https://github.com/vakuum/tcptunnel

The solution implements WebSocket server on Windows 10 and communicates to Ubuntu 18.04 WebSocket server through the JavaScript

## Testing it

 - The Ubuntu server is accessed with 'sc_server.com' domain name. Add entry for it to C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts file
 - Run the server-demo.html from the JavaScript folder
 - Run the WebSocket-server-demo project in Visual Studio debugger
 - Run the Ubuntu server
 - Refresh server-demo.html (press F5 in Chrome)
 - Communicate to both servers from within the server-demo.html issuing commands with the buttons

## Cryptography

All crypto operations are supported with a locally stored private key and the certificate. The corresponding PKCS12 and PEM files are mysite.local.pfx & mysite.local.cer. This leverages "Microsoft Base Cryptographic Provider" which in turn is utilized by regular smart cards for Windows authentication.
See https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/seccertenroll/cryptoapi-cryptographic-service-providers

## Smart Cards

The following is supported:
- identifying if a Smart Card is attached to the computer
- obtaining and showing certificates stored on a Smart Card

Ideally, the project would utilize the smart-cards for crypto operations as well. However, the only smart card available during the development was the developer's national ID. That particular smart card was supported by a custom Crypto Service Provider whose documentation was not accessible.
